hey guys it's Taylor and welcome this
tutorial they're going to be showing you
how to basically put or insert images
any way you want to and in Adobe
Dreamweaver template now if you were to
regularly just insert an image make sure
you know where your cursor is and put
one I don't know
you'll get the image and an absolute
direction you know part or direction and
you can't really edit this you can't
really put this anyway you want to won't
go anywhere you can't you know move it
around and you know I've seen a lot of
videos on YouTube you know how to you
know use an AP div but that's absolute
direction and if we were to go to insert
oops insert form alright layout objects
AP div it doesn't work too well yeah you
can move it around but if we were to
insert an image here I don't know let's
get this one maybe make that smaller
like the we can't even actually edit the
border I don't think well it's kind of
stupid anyway we preview that in Firefox
the image actually goes to a different
location that's opposed to a Dreamweaver
you see it's right here I'll make this
more noticeable if you put it on the
side preview the Firefox you see the
image goes over a little bit this can be
a real problem especially if you're
editing you know big templates where you
have to have something in the exact
location that you want to be in I don't
know just pisses me off and div tags do
work I just want to show you a different
way to do it and it works very well with
you know making templates and I'll
actually show you you know later in
videos how to make a template out of
this tool we're going to be using tables
today so if we go to insert table or
ctrl alt T we brought up with the table
window now let me show you what you can
do your rows will be basically the rows
you know how many rows you have as you
see we have you know one two three four
that'll be it basically how many rows
you have
the columns are how many boxes you have
inside the row so you can have you know
three four five so if you had two rows
you'd have five columns in each row or
if you had one row you'd have two
columns in each row you know it works
like that you can change the table with
the border thickness cell padding cell
spacing and you also have four header
options you have a none you have left
this works with you know tabs and stuff
same with top and both let me just keep
it at none can also just put a summary
if you want to like have your own table
you just use quickly anywhere in it okay
and we're going to be brought up with
the table you can you know make this any
size you want and you can actually move
the thing inside the same way and as you
see we can go to both editing boxes
right here now if we click on the right
hand side we can go down to the
properties of this table and change
anything that we had in the original
table editing box so if we wanted this
to be one we can change it to one if you
wanted this to be three 2350 continue
350 you can also I think the most
important tool to use is the border I
really like this being at zero because
basically it shows you can put an image
anywhere and you know no one would even
know or even have a hint that you're
using a table so it's really helpful um
so if we were to insert an image now
insert a different image you see the
image goes inside of the table and you
can make it smaller just like that and
you can also align this left center or
right it gives you three main you know
directions unlike the other ones that
don't even work left right center the
other ones I mean like you know baseline
top stuff like that doesn't really work
so I'll keep that in the center now
let's say you wanted to move this image
anywhere you wanted to so let's actually
go back into the table properties and
change the columns to two
and extend this a little bit if we
right-click hit cut and then paste it
right here you see we have our image
right here in the other box you can take
the the you know the splitter to show
you know the between the two boxes and
move that over all the way to the side
as you see here as you see while you're
doing that your picture will move now if
you wanted it to move all the way to the
other side just extend the whole table
out and voila you can move it right
there right there right there
and so on I'll keep that one right there
now let's insert another table into this
so if we just click on that and go to
the columns change that to three you can
have this one in the middle your other
one right here I'm sorry about that
I'll excuse it Twitter maybe you have
one more right here
and there we go and now you can just
edit them make sure they're you know
spaced out just right and you can
preview it in Firefox and there we go
you have three images and nothing shows
up in its place you don't have that
weird kind of line and you know all that
extra stuff around it you just have the
images which is really nice you can also
space this and put it anywhere you want
by just hitting Enter and it goes down
you don't have to drag it it won't work
that way but that's basically how you do
it
so I hope this tutorial helped if you
have any questions whatsoever please
comment below and if you have any other
ideas on how to use the AP div and how
to make it not absolute direction then
you can post that below as well please
subscribe so you know my latest videos
are going to be out or you can just wait
till next Saturday for another tutorial
or you can go to effects and tutorials
and watch my new tutorial tomorrow or
Monday so thanks for watching guys I
hope this tutorial helped and I am
working on my website don't worry don't
get too excited I know everybody wants
it hell no but really no one really
wants it but I'm still working on it
because it's fun anyway so thanks for
watching and I'll see you later
bye